[ Upbeat music plays ]
♪♪
I'm just saying -- why do people
say grapefruit and tuna fish
but not egg chicken
or beef mammal?
Darwin: [ Whines ]
Come on, Mr. Dad!
When we said,
"come pick us up after school,"
we didn't mean
after graduation!
Get on the horse![ Horse whinnies ]
What!?
What!? What!?
No time to explain!
Hyah!
Let me guess --
you saw it, had to have it,
and tried to let the kids
take the fall for it.
-[ Whines ]
-What is he called?
Wunderklopp.
[ Neighs ]
[ Sighs ]
It's okay.
I've lined up a buyer
to take him off our hands.
Wait, how can you
already have a buyer
for a horse
Dad just brought home?
Oh, sweetie, do you really think
I didn't expect your father
to buy a horse at some point
in our marriage?
The problem is
the guy can't buy it
before the first
of next month.
So short of having Wunderklopp
for breakfast...
[ Wunderklopp whinnies ]
...I'm open
to suggestions
on how we're gonna survive
until then.
All: Hmm.
I guess we're gonna
have to tap into
the money you saved
for me to go to college.
[ Laughter ]
What?
I don't know
what's the funniest,
the fact you think
you got a trust fund
5or the fact you think
you'll make it to college.
Well, you guys come up
with a solution then.
I said I would never
go back to that life,
that it was all
behind me.
Sadly, the time has come
for me to call Don Luciano.
[ Line rings]
[ Telephone rings ]
Don Luciano pizza!Richard, no!
One of their pizzas
might have enough calories
to keep us alive
for two weeks,
but they've already taken
too many years off your life.
Ricardo?
Is that you?
No.
Come back to us,
Ricardo.
We are your real family.
No!
I take 10% off,
just for you.
I'm sorry,
Don Luciano.
You know the sad thing
about betrayal?
It never comes
from an enemy.
[ Line clicks ][ Sobbing ]
Oh! I know!
We invite people who need hugs
and kisses to come to our house
and we give it to them
for money!
Oh I know!
We all forget I just said that.
Guys, don't panic!
I spent the last of
this month's food money
on a metal detector
and some lottery tickets.
Worst-case scenario,
we can eat those.
I've got an idea.
We rent the house
as a bed and breakfast!
Anais, we can't afford
our own breakfast,
let alone pay for
other people.
Fine. Then we rent the house as
a bed and...continue-to-fast.
Hmm.
Hmm. Hmm.
♪♪
[ Doorbell rings ]
Hello. Hello.
Oh, please come in.
I'm Ethel
and this is Bernie.
Ha!
-Ha!
Sorry, Bernie and I are making
a travel-map of our holiday.
It's been our lifelong dream,
see.
I think you're the first
tourists in Elmore
since those two guys
back in '83.
The town was so happy,
they put up a statue of them
in the park with their motto
underneath --
"Tell us the quickest way
out of this dump."
[ Laughter ]
Still,
beats our town.
It's so small
we don't need phones.
We just speak louder.
[ Laughter ]
I must say,
the house looks a bit different
than the photo
on the ad.
Oh, uh, they're just close-ups,
that's all.
That one was taken right here
in the living room.
Look.
-Right.
Yeah, it also said
you had cable?
Does it have subtitles
'cause our hearing is --
Yes, let me talk you through
how it works.
In here, you receive cable TV
from right across the street...
until around 7:00 pm,
when they shut the blinds.
[ Chuckles ]
And how do we work the A/C?
We get terrible migraines
in the heat, so...
Oh. You can operate it
like so.
Ah, refreshing.
Sure. And, now, we also get
awful rheumatic fever
and I think you had a hot tub
somewhere?
Sure,
if you just follow me.
I give you
the hot tub!
[ Bubbling ]
Okay, I guess it's time
for us to go.
Wait.
Is the house sound-proofed?
We suffer from
a rare ailment which --
Payment?
Yes, we'll take cash. Bye!
...rare ailment
which means...
-Bye!
-...we freeze and faint...
Kids: Bye!
...if anything loud
or surprising happens.
[ Whinnies ]
Enjoy your stay!
♪♪
Hm?
I'm heading to the store.
Do we need anything?
Uh, we need
the inside of an orange,
the inside of
a stick of butter,
a carton of milk.
And the inside of
a microwave oven.
♪♪
Ahh!
[ Water running ]
Why won't it wash off?
[ Doorbell rings ]
Ah.
♪♪
Huh?
[ Grumbles ]
Since when could you use
a computer like that?!
I don't know, Bernie.
It's like I have this
interior voice that woke up.
Now I know that
I want my memes dank
and none of that
cheezburger weak sauce.
Okay.
Gumball: Good. Now search
10 hours of saxophone Chihuahua.
♪♪
[ Toilet flushes ]
[ Gulps ]
Hm? Hmm.
♪♪
What is that?
Ding.
Oh,
must be the microwave.
Ohh,
what is that?
[ Clicks tongue ]
Hmm.
Must be a melon.
Now, what is that?
I am a Black Forest gateau
with a crunchy shortbread base,
multiple layers of praline,
and a glossy cocoa finish.
[ All gasp ]
Hmm. Must be
a Black Forest gateau
with a crunchy shortbread base,
multiple layers of praline,
and a glossy cocoa finish.
[ All sigh ]
Night, Ethel.
Night, Bernie.
♪♪
I don't understand.
The bed looks big enough
but it always feels like
I'm pressing against you.
Yeah, and it looks like
there are more eyes
than there should be
in here.
[ Clicks tongue ]
♪♪
[ Both scream, bleat ]
[ Groans ]
-No!
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
No!
[ Gasps ]
What have we done?
Uh,
what's going on?
[ Both gasp ]
Uh, our guests had so much
fun that they...uh...
They...
They've gone into
hibernation.
Wait --
do goats hibernate?
Yep. Yeah, yeah.
Aww.
Does that mean
they won't be able to
finish their dream trip?
Uh, I think it's safe
to say no, honey.
Ah,
poor little goat dudes.
I wish there was something
we could do to help.
Oh, Gumball,
I'm sorry,
but apart from literally
dragging them around town
and taking pictures of them
and then putting those photos
in their map thing
so it looks like they had fun
and then dumping them
on the train
so they become
someone else's problem,
I really don't know
how we can help.
Let's just
do that then.
[ Gasps ] No.
Yes.
♪♪
♪ I've seen rainy days
and I've seen sunshine ♪
♪ Been down in misery
♪ But I bark out loud
♪ Though I go to
every place I can ♪
♪ Since all my travels
first began ♪
♪ I still look forward to
♪ Each day I spend with you
♪ This much I know is true
♪ My favorite go-to place
is here with you ♪
♪ I've seen the seven wonders
♪ I've felt their mystery
♪ I've climbed
the highest mountains ♪
♪ Sailed across
the deep blue sea ♪
♪ But though I go to
every place I can ♪
♪ Since all my travels
first began ♪
♪ I still look forward to
♪ Each day I spend with you
♪ This much I know is true
♪ My favorite go-to place
is here with you ♪
♪ This much I know true
♪ My favorite go-to --
Bernie Klein?
[ All gasp ]You old dog!
That car you sold me
was a lemon!
I want my money back!
Oh, you think you can
just ignore this?
You know what?
You're right.
I'll let my fists
do the rest of the talking.
Hmm?
♪ Though I go to
every place I can ♪
♪ Since all my travels
first began ♪
♪ I still look forward to
♪ Each day I spend with you
♪ This much I know true
♪ My favorite go-to place
is here with you ♪
Mom: "I've never felt more alive
than during our time
at the Watterson's house."
That should do it.
[ All grunting ]
Well, I guess we all
learned a lesson today.
It's okay to commit a crime
if it means you get away with
a different crime.
Nicole,
that's a terrible lesson.
Not every lesson you learn
is a good one.
Bernie:
Uh, what is going on here?
Oh, we're just about to put you
on the last train to glory.
That sounds like some kind
of ghoulish euphemism.
Although we are indeed
from Glory, Minnesota.
But can someone please explain
why you're dragging us
like a couple of slabs of meat
under the cover of darkness?
'Cause you wouldn't wake up
from hibernating!
Hibernating?
Oh, no, like we said,
we do faint
when we get scared.
You didn't get scared.
You had a great time.
Look at your memory map.
Hmm.
This can only mean
one thing.
[ Both gasp ]
This town's most forgettable
place we've ever been to.
But it seems you forgot
something, too.
What?
To ask for your money!
$100, $200, $300.
There you go.
-Thanks.
-Wait a minute!
There's nothing
wrong with that.
I think it's sweet
that you're still in love
after all these years.
You staged these memories.
You rented the house to us
while still hiding in it
and when we saw you
we fainted in shock
and you thought we'd croaked,
so you faked the memory map
and were gonna
put us on the train home
thinking
you'd get away with it.
[ Mom and Dad sigh ]
All: What?!
How did you guess?
We're brother
and sister.
[ Sighs ]
Come on, kids.
That's it.
There's nothing left to eat.
Mm. I guess there is still
one last thing.
♪♪
No.
Yes.
♪♪